Refine MultimodalQnA Readme (#2104)
opea-project/GenAIExamples: MultimodalQnA/README.md

# MultimodalQnA Application

> Multimodal question answering is the process of extracting insights from documents that contain a mix of text, images, videos, audio, and PDFs. It involves reasoning over both textual and non-textual content to answer user queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multimodal question answering is the process of extracting insights from documents that contains a mix of texts, images, videos, audios, and PDFs. It involves reasoning over both textual and non-textual contents to answer user queries.
```

Author: "text," "audio," and "content" are usually uncountable in English, the singular form is more natural in this context—so the original version should be more appropriate.
The other comment has been has been submitted. Thanks for the suggestion!
